docs: add example of Azure deployment with Static Web Apps (#2715)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/deployment-examples/azure-static-web-apps.mdx

```json title="custom-application-config.json" highlightLines="4"
{
  "env": {
    "production": {
      "applicationId": "${env:APPLICATION_ID}",
      "url": "https://<project>.1.azurestaticapps.net"
    }
  }
}
```

# Connect Azure with GitHub Actions

The easiest way to deploy to Azure is to use [Static Web Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/static/#overview) deployment service. This service enables first-class GitHub integration.

Follow the steps in the [Azure Static Web App creator](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.StaticApp) to create a new project and select `GitHub` as the deployment source.

<Info>

Make sure to grant Azure access to your repository in the following step.

</Info>

## Configuring build settings

In the Static Web App setup process you need to configure the following things:

* Select your organization, repository and branch.
* In the **Build details** section select `Custom` as the build preset.
* Provide the following build settings:
    * App location: `/`
    * Output location: `public`

<Info>

> If your Custom Application config [requires environment variables](#using-environment-variables), make sure to provide them to your GitHub repository secrets and update the [GitHub Action workflow file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/static-web-apps/build-configuration?tabs=github-actions#environment-variables) accordingly.

Reviewer: Nit: I would rephrase this as not all environment variables need to be defined as secrets.

```suggestion
If your Custom Application config [requires environment variables](#using-environment-variables), make sure to provide them in the [GitHub Action workflow file](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/static-web-apps/build-configuration?tabs=github-actions#environment-variables). You can define the environment variables either as plain text or using [GitHub encrypted secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets).
```

> For instance, when using `APPLICATION_ID` environment variable in your Custom Application, add `APPLICATION_ID` repository secret in GitHub settings and edit the GitHub Action workflow file:
> 
> ```yaml highlightLines="9-10"
> ...
> 
> with:
>   ...
>   action: "upload"
>   app_location: "/"
>   api_location: ""
>   output_location: "public"
> env:
>   APPLICATION_ID: ${{ secrets.APPLICATION_ID }}
> ```

Reviewer: Let's use a more "complete" example that includes the github action itself

````suggestion
See example below for defining environment variables for the GitHub action:

```yaml title="deployment.yml" highlightLines="9-10"
- name: Build And Deploy
  uses: Azure/static-web-apps-deploy@v1
  with:
    action: "upload"
    app_location: "/"
    api_location: ""
    output_location: "public"
  env:
    APPLICATION_ID: ${{ secrets.APPLICATION_ID }}
    CLOUD_IDENTIFIER: gcp-eu
```
````
